_pages/software.md, before:

---
permalink: /software/
title: " "
header:
  og_image: "software/afc_logo.gif"
---

As one of ......

# Cochlear implant (CI) Models


I am a developer of [a single channel bilateral CI simulation model](https://zenodo.org/records/5571858) and  [an opensource framework for simulating the spatial hearing of bilateral CI users](https://zenodo.org/records/7471961) You can view the [article 1](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10162-021-00823-1) and [article 2](https://doi.org/10.1051/aacus/2023036).



# AFC--Psychophysical measurement and modelling tools (MATLAB) 

![](/images/software/afc_logo.gif)
The current research version of the psychophysical-measurement and modelling package AFC is available on [www.aforcedchoice.com](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/afc/)


# Room acoustics simulation and auralization tools
RAZR - Perceptually plausible room acoustics simulation

The current research version of the room acoustics simulator RAZR is available on[www.razrengine.com](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/razr/) .

# Other tools for acoustic and auditory modelling
FAAME - Framework for Acoustic and Auditory Models and Evaluation
This framework bundles tools for acoustic and auditory modelling as well as evaluation. It is available on [FAAME](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/faame/).



# Other resources
I also have a number of other software resources:

Commit message:

add the matrix sentence tests

_pages/software.md, after:

---
permalink: /software/
title: " "
header:
  og_image: "software/afc_logo.gif"
---

As one of ......

# Cochlear implant (CI) Models


I am a developer of [a single channel bilateral CI simulation model](https://zenodo.org/records/5571858) and  [an opensource framework for simulating the spatial hearing of bilateral CI users](https://zenodo.org/records/7471961). You can view the articles on [article 1](https://doi.org/10.1007/s10162-021-00823-1) and [article 2](https://doi.org/10.1051/aacus/2023036).



# AFC--Psychophysical measurement and modelling tools (MATLAB) 

![](/images/software/afc_logo.gif)
The current research version of the psychophysical-measurement and modelling package AFC is available on [www.aforcedchoice.com](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/afc/)


# Room acoustics simulation and auralization tools
RAZR - Perceptually plausible room acoustics simulation

The current research version of the room acoustics simulator RAZR is available on [www.razrengine.com](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/razr/) .

# Other tools for acoustic and auditory modelling
FAAME - Framework for Acoustic and Auditory Models and Evaluation
This framework bundles tools for acoustic and auditory modelling as well as evaluation. It is available on [FAAME](https://medi.uni-oldenburg.de/faame/).



# Other resources
We also developed some speech test materials. For example, the Mandarin Chinese matrix sentence test [CMNmatrix](https://doi.org/10.1080/14992027.2018.1483083) and the Cantonese matrix sentence test [YUEmaxtrix](https://doi.org/10.1080/14992027.2022.2142683). 

In addition to the official [CMNmatrix](https://doi.org/10.1080/14992027.2018.1483083), we also recorded the Mandarin matrix sentence test with different speakers for both Lombard and plain speech. The recordings were free [available on] (https://zenodo.org/records/7063030).
